this is not clickbait this is the story
of how we essentially turn this backyard
to be worth over $200,000 allow me to
explain this year we had three major
expenses the first is $25,000 for legal
and accounting fees for u.s. visas that
we applied for and ends up getting
rejected the second was buying US and
fixing a crappy old minivan that broke
down every other trip which we end up
selling in parts and the third is what's
behind the camera our dream backyard
while you're about to watch is that
story for as long as I can remember I've
dreamt about creating the perfect work
environment I was always longing for
space which I was connected to phase
that would inspire me and push me to
work even harder and let's just say when
we first started yes theory we didn't
exactly have that space but last year we
got the chance to move out here to
Venice California to start making videos
for snapchat discover and finally we had
the perfect living and workspace
the destruction continues in Southern
California as the most powerful storm in
seven years dumps even more rain it cut
down trees and flooded homes and ro
you're right in the middle of the last
of three major storm sweeping across
they're forced to evacuate others just
scare to me in January of 2017 a massive
rain storm hit LA and our entire back
office was flooded and soaked ruining
most of our furniture and forcing us to
work out of our kitchen for the
following five months during this rough
period we've made a few realizations
about the importance of space in our
life not just the physical one but
emotional one as well and we had already
been incubating a few people in this
house over the past year so we thought
would make things a little bit more
official we decided to take the
financial risk and go for our stream
makeover backyards ition we wanted to
create a space that would induce
creativity and a sense of freedom to
everyone that enters it for about four
months slowly but surely we were able to
tear down this entire space and build it
from scratch so this is what the
backyard looks like now what the office
looks like now alright so we are
officially starting their last
renovation and earlier this morning at
like 7:30 a.m. we went to Home Depot and
we won everything and now it's just time
to start probably a project that is
going to take about two weeks yeah let's
hit it
[Music]
[Applause]
stack another mommy morning logos as a
God we're knocking down this fence
serving anyone we're going to get this
cactus did if you following me agree
with you follow me
wonderfully yeah
[Music]
so much built-up anger
oh yeah baby
dude it's my arms or so we're like 65%
into facing the backyard to go for this
to become the next big thing in Venice
[Laughter]
ha ha ha Tom's making your background or
your assembly filling half the table and
what are you doing I am doing the hard
work of documenting this
thanks so much it's done any
distractions be a team members here at
this from you know give all those biceps
on the kingdom reference hoping it's
only okay because your door which you
weren't adorable all that pooping
imparting and storing would not be okay
[Music]
yes and this is alder like all the white
ones I think are their eggs
oh my landlord see yes you hear what I
think you might be water zooming so then
all right killed my dog
now I'm gonna kill you burns love with
mine hahaha anyone who has beaten John
wish what are you I'm not coming like a
nominee I'm gonna hiding to the living
room a little bit as a No and then as I
come out there like with Thomas's so my
phone Thomas yeah you stand right there
while I worked the ground yoga no I
really just keep looking pretty by
understanding what do you do I'm
shooting until the car okay there okay
I'm most annoying say that childish
comeback get the multi newing hey come
back
[Music]
yeah you're probably watching this
footage thinking to yourself there is no
way that was worth $200,000 well it
isn't quite yet it was the next phase of
the project that truly gave all the
values of this space thanks to this man
this is my friend Allen Chen we met him
in a previous episode we went out on a
summer night with the goal to convince a
group of strangers to skinny-dip with us
probably like the weirdest request that
I get all night but just hear me out
what we all do right now or later
yeah
they all became our close friends and we
got to know them even better
Alan turned out to be a world-renowned
artist from being the youngest artist to
select two things one of the iconic
hartsey championships going he was 15 to
being showcased in the Museum of Modern
Art his work has been shown in cities
all around the world he is a pretty big
deal I was pretty anxious to ask Alan to
help me finish designing the space see
Alan's art and time are worth a lot of
money but without any hesitation he
generously offered to donate his work in
time to finish our backyard he poured
his heart into it and he challenged
himself to finish the entire project in
24 hours and then when you go back there
you're like whoa Kosmic yeah and then
everyone will be giggling watch me Willy
Wonka the factory when you go through
the doors today this is Willy Wonka
Venice it's going to blow people who my
[Music]
so is ready
[Applause]
[Music]
or pretty much my entire life I
struggled with the concept of home
when I was 15 I had to leave my family
in Egypt to pursue education abroad and
I've been living around the world ever
since so I never truly felt home
anywhere in the most recent years of my
life
until now I am super grateful to have
been a part in creating a home for
myself my roommates a trusted me with
their money a lot of it and every single
person was going to use the space to
create something good for the world from
the bottom of my heart thank you to Alan
thanks to my roommates and to every
single person who donated to this space
and of course you guys everybody that is
watching right now literally without
your constant support and medication to
me and none of the solution folks we are
all a part of this I think I'm done but
[Music]
all right if you like all of that and
you want to support us in some shape or
form we launched March a couple of days
ago and I'm wearing some of the stuff
that we're selling right now and
literally there's not a better way to
support us then to buy our merch so if
you like this or any of the other
products that we're offering on the left
side go to the link in the description
and browse through it and if you like
something we'd really appreciate if you
buy it again thank you so much for
watching and we will see you next
Thursday subscribe comment like really
helps us peace
[Music]